Docs/document acl (#9115)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/security/ACL-server-implementation.md

      ```

  - **Output Schema (`Policy`):**

      ```yaml
      type: object
      properties:
        name:
          type: string
          description: A unique, human-readable name for the policy.
        creation_date:
          type: integer
          format: int64
          description: Unix Epoch in seconds.
        acl:
          type: string
          description: Represents the access control list assigned to this policy.
      ```

- `DELETE /auth/policies/{policyId}`:
  - **Description:** Deletes a policy.
  - **Input:** `policyId` (path parameter).
  - **Output:** No output on success (HTTP 204).
  - **Implementation Notes:** Ensure the policy exists. When a policy is deleted, its attachments to users and groups should also be removed.

### 2. Setup

#### Key Steps in the Initial Setup

When deploying an ACL server for the first time, it is essential to establish a set of standard user groups and assign each group a default set of permissions (policies). This process ensures that the system starts with a clear structure for access control, making it easy to manage users and their roles securely and consistently.

**Define Standard Groups**

> Decide on a set of base groups that represent the typical roles in your system. Common examples include:
> 
> - **Admins**: Users with full administrative privileges.
> - **Supers**: Users with elevated privileges, but not full admin rights.
> - **Writers**: Users who can read and modify data.
> - **Readers**: Users who can only view data.
> 
> During the initial setup, each standard group must be mapped to a policy that clearly specifies what permissions its members have. Below is a detailed explanation of how to specify each policy, how each group maps to a policy, and what each policy should contain.
> 
> The <https://docs.lakefs.io/security/rbac.html#actions-and-permissions> list the actions and permissions that lakeFS uses.
> 
> #### Example Policy Structure
> 
> For each group, the policy should be a clear, structured document (often in JSON or YAML) that lists:
> 
> - **Allowed Actions:** The specific operations (e.g., read, write, delete, manage) the group can perform.
> - **Resources:** The resources (e.g., repositories, files, settings) those actions apply to.
> 
> **Example Policy:**
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "Version": "2022-07-01",
>   "Statement": [
>     {
>       "Effect": "allow",
>       "Action": [
>         "fs:*"
>       ],
>       "Resource": "*"
>     }
>   ]
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Define Standard Groups**
Establish a set of base groups that represent the typical roles in your system, such as Admins (full privileges), Writers (read/write access), and Readers (read-only access). Each group should be mapped to a specific policy that defines the permissions for its members.

You can reference the [lakeFS contrib ACL implementation](https://github.com/treeverse/lakeFS/blob/master/contrib/auth/acl/setup.go) to see practical examples of how standard groups are defined and structured, along with their associated permission policies.
```
